MSU's mobile site is very simple. The main page utilizes a title bar, search option, and 10 icons that help the user navigate the different sections of the website. It serves its purpose and is straight to the point. It's easy to read and they don't waste space. The only text in the content portion is there to label the icons. I like the way they positioned the icons instead of putting them in a vertical list. This way they all fit on the screen without having to scroll up and down. One thing that I haven't really seen on other mobile sites is that they have a customization option that allows you to pick which icons you want to see on the screen. That's a nice feature if you're site has a ton of icons that you have to scroll through, but since they don't have very many, it's not really saving that much space or time. 

When you go through the different sections, there are some design differences. Not all of them have the same theme. For example, the library section's menu has bold labels with an icon for each item. None of the other sections have that, and I think they should have made them all match it. The library one looks a little more professional than the others that are just plain. There is a problem some times with sections not having a back button or a link back to the main mobile site. It sucks having to back out page by page if you are 5 or 6 pages into something.

Two sections that are really nice and were definitely made with the mobile site in mind are the library and map sections. It really seems like more time was spent creating the library section than most of the other sections. Where as things like news articles and information on the college are just scaled down from the main site, the library part was definitely created just for mobile. You can easily find out the open hours of the different library locations, and there is a drop down menu for each one (main, business, engineering, etc.) that shows the hours of the different departments and desks within that specific library. It's a very thoughtful feature and is executed well. The map section starts with two options, a search bar to lookup a certain part of campus or a location button which lets you browse through MSU campus locations in an A-Z list. It is designed so that it would be easy for someone to use to navigate their way through campus. It has google maps built in and the the zoom in/out feature actually works well which is hard to come by sometimes from my experience. Usually when I try to use maps that are embedded on a site, the zoom features go crazy and start to go too far in/out and can be hard to set straight. 